1) Understand not imitate
2) Understanding, frameworks, and the weird parts
3) Conceptual Aside
  a) Syntax Parser - check if the code's grammar is valid and translate it into computer instrcutions.
  b) Lexical Environment - where you write the code is important.
  c) Execution Context - the currently running lexical environment is managed via the execution context. It is a wrapper to help manage the code that is running.
  c) Lexical Environments
4) Name/Value Pairs - A name may be defined more than onece, but only can have one value in any given context.
5) Object - a collection of name/value pairs
6) The global environment and the global object
  a) When a program is running, the executon contenxt is created and run.
  b) Global Object (window), "this" are created by the JavaScript engine.
    Global Object(window) = this
    Glbaol is not inside a function
7) Inside an Executon Context:
    Global Object, "this", Outer Environment, Your Code

8) The Execution Context: Creation and Hositing:
  -function and variable are hosted - they can be called earlier than their declaration.
  -vairable are undefined but not throwing some errors
9) Creation Phase
  Global Object, "this", Other Environment (link)
  Function Setup, Variable Setup = undefined

  Setup Memory Space for Variables and Functions in your code "Hoisting" before your code is executed.
  Variable are not initialize = undefined

10) Executoin Phase
  The variable assignment happen

11) JavaScript and "Undefined"
  undefined != not defined
  undefined = a special key or value in JavaScript

  var a;
  if (a === undefined) { console.log('a is undefined)}

  if a is not declared -> throw an arror.
  if a is delared, then during the creation phase, it is set to undefined
  never set undefined as
    a = undefined; 
  let JavaScript set it as undefiend.

12) EXCUTON CONTEXT
  CREATION PHASE,
  EXCUTION PHASE,

13) JavaScript - Single Threaded
  One command at a time

  Synchronous: one at a time

14) Functioin Invocation and the Execution Stack
  Invocation: running/calling a function

  function b(){}
  function a(){ b();}
  a();

  What is created?
    Global Execution Context
    Attach functions and Variables

  Execution Stack
    Execution Context : b()   --(3)
    Execution Context : a()   --(2)
    Global Execution Context  --(1)

    (1) created and executed,
    (2) created and executed,
    (3) created and executed,
    (3) finished and popped
    (2) finished and popped
    (1) finished and popped

15) Functions, Context, And Variable Environments
  Variable Environment - where the variables live
    How they relate to each other in memory?
  Scope:
    Each variable is defined in its own executon context
    


  





